# Meeting Minutes for Doc Squad

## Attendees

- [x] Andrew (Broadcom)
- [x] Brandon (Broadcom)
- [x] Jim (Broadcom)
- [x] Ashley (IBM)
- [x] Alyson (Rocket)
- [x] Jason (Rocket)
- [x] Julie (Rocket)
- [ ] Sign our name here

Notes: 

- Internal Hackthon for Jason and Alyson for the rest of the week. 

- PI Planning session next week for Broadcom folks, not able to join doc calls. Need doc planning information by next Tuesday to do a quick presentation. 

- Ashley to send the summary of achievements in our last quarter to Brandon. 


## Agenda 

### 1.0.1 doc readiness: 

Doc freeze date: March 4

- Release notes: https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/blob/docs-staging/docs/getting-started/summaryofchanges.md   

 Action: 
   - Remind all squad leads to review and provide input for release notes on Feb 28.
   - Brandon to add RN item about Getting Started with CLI

- Waffle board for 1.0.1: https://waffle.io/zowe/docs-site?milestone=19-03-05%201.0.1

- Doc status for each squad? Risks/blockers?
  - APIML (Andrew)
    - 384, address user comment
    - Update troubleshooting information on docs-staging. Need to update TOC.
    - FAQ updates
  - Web UI (Alyson, Jason)
     - ATLs
  - Zowe CLI (Brandon, Jim)
     - QSG 
     - PI planning next week. Presentation to make. 
  - CI/CD, Zowe z/OS install (Ashley)
     - Bug: fix remaining explorer server
     - Add UI guidelines to doc site - on track
     - Add overview deck to doc site homepage - on track
       
- Brandon - I want to provide a doc update during the Broadcom PI planning session (very short, 2-3 minutes). What are the key items to mention from Rocket, IBM, and doc-squad? 

### 1H2019 Doc planning

**Link:** https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/wiki/Zowe-doc-planning-1H2019
Continue to track progress and update the plan. 


### Enhance troubleshooting section
Issue https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/33

FAQ, more troubleshooting information, better architecture










