# Meeting Minutes for Doc Squad

## Attendees

- [  ] Andrew (Broadcom)
- [x] Brandon (Broadcom)
- [x] Jim (Broadcom)
- [x] Ashley (IBM)
- [ ] Alyson (Rocket)
- [] Jason (Rocket)
- [x] Igor
- [ ] Sign our name here


## Agenda 

- Doc readiness for v1.1.1 (April 30)
  - Release notes: https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/blob/docs-staging/docs/getting-started/summaryofchanges.md
  - Update version number from 1.1.0 to 1.1.1, update PDF section
  -  APIML (Andrew, Igor)
     - PTF changes
     - snapshot versions
 
  - Web UI (Alyson, Jason)
    - 3 chunk of content

  - Zowe CLI (Brandon, Jim)
    - issue about certificates
    - look at structural changes

  - Zowe z/OS install, z/OS Services (Ashley)
    - nothing major, internal installer changes, release notes under review

- Doc feedback
  - Wiki page for tracking: https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/wiki/User-feedback-and-content-update

- Question: API reference/documentation 
















