# Development Checkpoint

Introduction
------------
To provide overall project status and to have a place to identify all critical issues and identify action, owners and review timelines.

Schedule
--------
Zowe (Open Source) (November 13, 2018 - January 22, 2019)

Sprint (v0.9.5) (November 27, 2018 - December 17, 2018)
- Playback/Checkpoint(go-no-go)/End of Sprint Retrospective (December 17, 2018)
- Release Candidate (December 18, 2018)

Sprint (v0.9.6) (December 18, 2018 - January 7, 2019)
- Playback/Checkpoint(go-no-go)/End of Sprint Retrospective (January 7, 2019)
- Release Candidate (January 8, 2019)

Sprint (v1.0.0) (January 8, 2019 - January 21, 2019)
- Playback/Checkpoint(go-no-go)/End of Sprint Retrospective (January 21, 2019)
- Zowe 1.0.0 GA (January 22, 2019)

Agenda Items
------------
1. Start Recording
2. ZLC Updates
3. Current Release and Build Status (Jack/Mark)
4. Planning:
    - SSO (Petr)
    - ZSS (JP)
    - Tomcat (Joe/Steve)
    - Automation to test all new code. What needs to be done so that we can declare v1.0.0 is ready to ship ?
5. Squad Status:
    - Onboarding (JoeW/TimB)
      - Supporting move to springboot and API mediation
      - Client support
      - 1.0.0 Messaging PLZ REVIEW (https://ibm.box.com/s/eh5pxhodvp38cwb9uvnnu9i5vjja9468)
      - Zowe 1.0.0 OMP Marketing
       - Webinar (week of Jan 22nd)
        - Planning Docs: https://ibm.box.com/s/anwc55w1btb3p79yskkt3ryannixt299
       - Analyst update by document
       - Social Promotion
       - Podcast (Matt H or ZLC volunteer?)
       - Systems magazine update
      - Open MeetUp planning doc: https://ibm.box.com/s/tvobjzbn4xes4t6p9cebyhivq7e79v37
      - Developing 2019 blogging and article plan
      - Developing 2019 activities plan with the OMP
      - Zowe.org homepage refresh based on client feedback

    - Core/Web/Editor (JPL/Reet)
      - Multi window support is in progress
      - File upload features are in QA for the Zowe File Transfer Application
      - ZSS Server is being open sourced and the code review for the open sourcing is underway
    - Core/CLI  (Mike B/Jessica T or Kyle?)
      - updating build scripts/guidelines for new version scheme for 1.0.0
      - IMS application education
      - Plugins
      - MikeB: Can we change/break components as we move forward ?
    - API Mediation Layer & Security (Michael S/Marcel V or Kyle?)
      - Previous
    - Foundation (CI/CD) (Mark/Steve/Mike/Nick)
      - Delivered v0.9.5 (1/9)
      - v0.9.6 in progress but this release will not be published and instead the squads will focus on v1.0.0
      - Release Tracking for v1.0.0 (https://ibm.ent.box.com/notes/376929513334?s=83hcarktgvykbb95jit4uc40xoq9d8ql)
    - Documentation (Brandon/Ashley/Jim/Julie)
      - None
6. Legal Requirements
    - Tim is discussing Licensing with OMP (SteveW). Do we need a one click license for v1.0.0
    - Legal setup for next week for strategy session

7. Community Backlog
    - v0.9.6
      - https://waffle.io/zowe/community?milestone=19-01-08%200.9.6,19-01-08%20-%200.9.6
    - v1.0.0
      - https://waffle.io/zowe/community?milestone=22-01-19%20-%201.0.0,19-01-22%20-%201.0.0,22-01-19%201.0.0,19-01-22%201.0.0
8. Roundtable
    - None

Action Items
------------
- We need documention/samples/website to describe move from Liberty to Tomcat
- Need to raise issue with the ZlC about code changes that would break components, ie. APIs


Recording
-------------------------
https://zoom.us/recording/share/BwXH3za3rzx8HSXaOJcKxrXHllpTuu16OxFqF6nUugSwIumekTziMw
