# Meeting Minutes for Doc Squad

## Attendees

- [ ] Andrew (Broadcom)
- [ ] Brandon (Broadcom)
- [x] Jim (Broadcom)
- [x] Ashley (IBM)
- [ ] Alyson (Rocket)
- [x] Jason (Rocket)
- [x] Igor
- [ ] Sign our name here


## Agenda 

- Questions/Topics? 
  - [Igor] How to add a new troubleshooting topic
    - Update the docs/vuepress/config.js file which is the navigation file
  - [Jason] Community member suggested a change. Be cautious with these changes and confirm with dev first. pay attention to two things:
    - technical accuracy
    - writing style, flow

    **Practice:** If it's not supported at this point, we could let the PR author know several things: 
    - Thanks for the input. However, this is not supprted at this point after discussion with Zowe development. 
    - We'll keep working with development, and at some point when this is supported, we'll revisit this PR and merge it. 
  - [Igor] Our support channel: Slack, any other channels we should direct users to?

- Recent updates
  - Hotjar implemented. Get a heatmap to improve homepage
    - Link: https://insights.hotjar.com/h?site=1291329&heatmap=4053077&token=681c194a3535a01dbbfbdd718f85da03&device=desktop&type=click
  - Recent Zowe user feedback
    - Zowe hands-on tutorial: https://developer.ibm.com/tutorials/zowe-step-by-step-tutorial/
    - Installation experience
    - Document feedback in the wiki and open issues to work on: https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/wiki/User-feedback-and-content-update
  - Reminder: 
    - clean up unused GitHub branches
    - Review open Github issues
    - Update 2nd half planning in wiki: https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/wiki/Zowe-doc-planning-2H2019















