# Meeting Minutes for Doc Squad

## Attendees

- [x] Andrew (Broadcom)
- [x] Brandon (Broadcom)
- [x] Jim (Broadcom)
- [x] Ashley (IBM)
- [x] Alyson (Rocket)
- [x] Jason (Rocket)
- [x] Julie (Rocket)
- [ ] Sign our name here

**Availability**

- Ashley will be on IBM Zowe PI Planning session from 9:00-11:00 am Monday to Wednesday next week.

## Agenda 
- Next checkpoint: April 2, 1.0.2
- AT-TLS setup documentation
- Release process
- Doc survey
- Roundtable

### AT-TLS setup doc

### Release process: 

- clarify doc freeze date 
   - soft freeze date:  input cutoff from development/engineering  - 3 days before GA
   - hard freeze date: doc cutoff from writers  - 1 day before GA

### Doc survey

**What do we want to know from our users?**
- Is the current content helpful? 
- How can we make the documentation better? (ideas, pain points)
- What are you trying to do?  (Why visit documentation, the goal)
- Contact Information (optional)  - get back to the user if possible


**Channels:** 
- Slack 
- Doc site (as a Feedback button?)
- ?

### Roundtable
  - APIML (Andrew)
    - 384, address user comment
    - Update troubleshooting information on docs-staging. Need to update TOC.
    - FAQ updates
  - Web UI (Alyson, Jason)
     - ATLs
  - Zowe CLI (Brandon, Jim)
     - QSG 
     - PI planning next week. Presentation to make. 
  - Zowe z/OS install (Ashley)
     - Bug: fix remaining explorer server
     - Add UI guidelines to doc site - on track
     - Add overview deck to doc site homepage - on track










