Meeting Minutes - 1/31/2020
Meeting was recorded - https://zoom.us/rec/share/5fR3FrKp7nxJGqOd9xmGWfR6PIa4T6a8hyVK-6YMn0hQAnOnuFEHG8PjMuJKiaH7 

Core Web UI - Status Updates / Action Items

Core Web UI Status Updates

Issues We'd Like Help With:
	Good First issues & Help Wanted issues 
	https://github.com/zowe/zlux/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22
	https://github.com/zowe/zlux/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22
	

What we are doing this sprint 		
	- Sean: SSO work 
	- Nakul:  help with hotkeys task
	- Jordan: Working on SSO
	- James: waiting for RC2, testing Node 12, help with api ml
	- Aarohi: Meet with Sean to put some good first issues into Github - now all on github
	
	
	Q1 Objectives (tentative target 1.9.0)
	SSO
	MFA
	Enhanced Logging
	Node 12 support
	
Demos
		
	
	
Attendees 
Nolan Rogers
Nakul M
Sean G
Jordan C
Aarohi S
JP
